
Ninapro Dataset 5

Link: https://ninapro.hevs.ch/instructions/DB5.html

Subjects
10 intact subjects.
Acquisition Setup
The sEMG data are acquired using two Thalmic Myo Armbands
The sEMG signals are sampled at a rate of 200 Hz.
Acquisition Protocol
The dataset includes 6 repetitions of 52 different movements.
The subjects are asked to repeat movements which were shown as movies on the screen of a laptop.
During the acquisition, the subjects were asked to repeat the movements with the right hand.
Each movement repetition lasted approximatively 5 seconds and was followed by 3 seconds of rest.
The experiment is divided in three exercises:

Basic movements of the fingers.
Isometric, isotonic hand configurations and basic wrist movements.
Grasping and functional movements.
Dataset variables
For each exercise, for each subject, the database contains one matlab file with synchronized variables. The variables included in the matlab files are:
Subject: subject number.
Sensor: name of the sEMG sensor
Frequency: sampling frequency of the recorded data in Hertz
Exercise: exercise number.
Emg (16 columns): sEMG signal. olumns 1-8 are the electrodes equally spaced around the forearm at the height of the radio humeral joint. Columns 9-16 represent the second Myo, tilted by 22.5 degrees clockwise.
acc (3 columns): raw signals from the three axis accelerometer of the first Myo, found in the Myo DB.
Glove (22 columns): uncalibrated signal from the 22 sensors of the cyberglove.
The cyberglove signal corresponds to raw data from the cyberglove sensors, which are expected to be proportional to the angles at the joints.
Stimulus (1 column): the movement repeated by the subject, according to the displayed movie.
Restimulus (1 column): the movement repeated by the subject, but with the duration of the movement label refined a-posteriori in order to better correspond to the real movement.
Repetition (1 column): repetition of the stimulus.
Rerepetition (1 column): repetition of restimulus.
Age: age of the subject;
Gender: gender, m for male f for female.
Weight: weight in kilograms.
Height: height in centimeters.
Laterality: laterality, r for right-handed, l for left-handed.
Circumference: circumference of the forearm at the radio-humeral joint height, measured in centimeters.
